the situation in Odessa remains extremely
alarming on one of the central
city about Maidan skie areas
radicals attacked the activists
opposed to the politics of kiev when
protesters took refuge in the house of trade unions
the radicals set fire to the building which led
the deaths of dozens of people people either died
from choking or crashing jumping out
windows despite all this official
US persons did not condemn this
violence they continue to hold firm
side of the Kiev authorities and all of her
opponents in Ukraine in the eyes
washington is people acting on
the pointer of Moscow at a meeting with the Chancellor of the FRG
angels merkel who came to visit
washington usa president barrack obama
supported the suppression of Kiev protests
eastern Ukraine calling it a step to
restore order to the Kiev
Obama’s authorities sounded only
praise
one of the greatest concerns now
causes Russian propaganda which
pouring non-stop claiming that
Ukrainian government somehow
responsible for problems on
eastern Ukraine Ukrainian government
throughout this process
shows amazing restraint in
At some point, the barrack Obama called
temporary authorities in Kiev legally
elected governments apparently
bypassing your attention what is legal
elected president of the country was overthrown
and so far the Ukrainians have not had the opportunity
elect authorities obama also stated
what a protest in the east of the country
managed and supported by russia and
put the responsibility in the survey de
conflict escalation solely on
Moscow, the leaders of the United States and the FRG together
threatened Russia with a new round of sanctions
this time against specific sectors
Russian economy Merkel and Obama
talked about energy and how
diversify their deliveries to Europe
Barack Obama said that the United States approved
exporting its natural gas and noted
what is being discussed now america on
European trade agreement will simplify
energy cooperation
all this is happening against the backdrop of rising violence
in Ukraine despite the fact that Western
officials seem intent on closing on
all eyes